feat(conditions): add relative timestamp datatype (#2782)
Mergifyio/mergify-engine: docs/source/configuration.rst

          merge:
            method: merge

.. _iso timestamp:

> timestamp

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Timestamp
```

~~~~~~~~~

> The date and timestamp format must follow the ISO 8601 standard. If timezone is missing, it's assumed to be UTC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The timestamp format must follow the ISO 8601 standard. If the timezone is missing, the timestamp is assumed to be in UTC.
```

Add a link to https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601

            message: |
              The pull request base branch has reached end-of-life.

> .. _relative datetime:
> 
> Relative datetime

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _relative timestamp:

Relative timestamp
```

Datetime is not a word, timestamp is.

We should also fix the previous type, my bad.

> Relative timestamp

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Relative Timestamp
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> A datetime can be express as relative of the current date and time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Timestamps can be expressed relative to the current date and time.
```

> The format is "[DD days] [HH:MM] ago":

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The format is ``[DD days] [HH:MM] ago``:
```

* DD, the number of days
* HH, the number of hours
* MM, the number of minutes

> If the current date is 18 June 2020, `updated-at>=14 days ago` will be translated `updated-at>=2020-06-04T00:00:00`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the current date is 18th June 2020, `updated-at>=14 days ago` will be translated `updated-at>=2020-06-04T00:00:00`.
```

> If the current date is 18th June 2020, `updated-at>=14 days ago` will be translated `updated-at>=2020-06-04T00:00:00`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the current date is 18th June 2020, ``updated-at>=14 days ago`` will be translated ``updated-at>=2020-06-04T00:00:00``.
```

Examples
++++++++

.. code-block:: yaml

      - name: close stale pull request
        conditions:
          - base=main
          - -closed
          - updated-at>=14 days ago
        actions:
          close:
            message: |

>               This pull request looks stale. Feel free to reopen it if you thinkg it's a mistake.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
              This pull request looks stale. Feel free to reopen it if you think it's a mistake.
```

            message: |
              The pull request base branch has reached end-of-life.

.. _relative timestamp:

Relative Timestamp
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Timestamps can be expressed relative to the current date and time.
The format is ``[DD days] [HH:MM] ago``:

* DD, the number of days
* HH, the number of hours
* MM, the number of minutes

If the current date is 18th June 2020, ``updated-at>=14 days ago`` will be translated ``updated-at>=2020-06-04T00:00:00``.

Examples
++++++++

.. code-block:: yaml

      - name: close stale pull request
        conditions:
          - base=main
          - -closed

>           - updated-at>=14 days ago

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          - updated-at<14 days ago
```

Funny that you actually made the mistake 😆

Author: I copy/paste the other PR that have the wrong implementation.
